on the anniversary of 20 years I was famous the access to the city
a national campaign
caring for the environment
everyone
we mean not only the public agency but private initiative and
mainly to society society facts are paulo couto biologist
the curtain, the ibama reveals citizens to
vini of traffic of wild animals only in the state of são paulo
the numbers of animals seized
around 30-40 thousand wild animals a year
they are very paulo
we think that this logical target is paulo for example
he has three thousand and few animals
we realize that we are enjoyment logically paulo per year
According to ibama, 40% of wild animals are victims of
Brazil comes to the state of São Paulo
I am one of the few who can survive in the hands of the
traffickers we realize that the animal
arrive in deplorable conditions
bruised bruised is hungry with fred
it all happens because you agree
with this phrase of impact strong images the ibama wants to sensitize the citizen
past parrots and macaws some primates like marmosets
rs we are now told
are the animals most captured by traffickers
your text to cteep
the north-east of the Midwest, most of them do not report abuse.
extinction of increasingly poor and enlightened
you promote pollination for example
the seed dispersal insect pest control then these forests
dense these forests ended up being empty
we end up being without their authors not only empty but they end up
five important elements
It is from the continent of the continent that these conversations
the animals seized were referred to screening centers
where they are rehabilitated ready to be reintroduced into nature
when this is not possible
they go to captive breeding programs or to entities
who are dedicated to environmental education
the ibama biologist warns that there is a legal trade in these animals but that
may have been the executioner of actions which may confuse people looks
besides it a legal problem
not how can he have a well
wild animals at home can mean
problems not only with the law to the risk of accidents
and what they perceive most
a10 strong cubic macaw parrots claws is must primate kills
bites the actress can transmission of animal diseases of people and
vice-versa fans who encourage people who want to have an animal at
buy in the new mexico domestic animals are selected ewerthon
hundreds
is the guy that this interaction with will be sent hostile
people I have brought us into their house commented on incurring in crime are part
of the year dutra
so much so that they are traffickers but they are contributing to trafficking
to report the trafficking of wild animals, call the
ibama will be 800
nor the last eighty with 80 more information about ibama's work
enter in site www puntofrio com is a photocopy of t fa nature
thank